ANNOUNCER:
Tonight on
American Direct News...
MARTIN:
What consoles me
is that as a doctor,
I saved thousands of lives.
So if we're judging
the moral worth of a person
based on the mark
they leave on the world,
mine is a... a net positive.
Dr. Martin Whitly murdered
23 people as The Surgeon,
making him one of the world's
most notorious serial killers.
I'm Ainsley Whitly
forAmerican Direct News,
and The Surgeon is my father.
MARTIN:
I was, um,
a mentor.
I'm not a perfect man.
It's true.
Isn't that what counts?
[echoing]:
That in the end,
I did some good?
AINSLEY:
What kind of a father
-does that?
-Stop it!
I was a good father, damn it!
Say that again.
Say I was a terrible father!
[glass shatters]
-[sighs]
-Mother...
-My TV.
-I thought we agreed
to avoid watching this garbage.
No, you agreed.
I thought it best not to argue.
Is this your plan?
To foil Ainsley's ratings
by destroying every television
in America?
-Ugh.
-God knows you have
enough shoes.
I don't know why
you torture yourself.
I thought you were newly devoted
to being "normal."
Yeah, well, that didn't
really work out.
[exhales]
Why didn't you tell me?
The girl in the box.
The memories. You have proof.
They're all real.
How did you...
Gil.
We told you they weren't real
for years.
Of course you're not normal.
How could you be?
It's not your fault. Or Gil's.
Martin Whitly did this to me.
He manipulated me,
he drugged me.
-Drugged you?
-He used chloroform.
To confuse me.
To help me forget.
I thought he loved you.
That at least he took care
of you, and your sister.
I'm sorry.
Thank you.
But you don't have to say that.
I really do.
And I have to clear the air
before tomorrow night.
Christmas, dear.
It's an annual holiday?
Maybe you've noticed
the decorations
and that handsy Santa
outside Gristedes?
I'm not feeling very festive.
Your father has taken
so much from us.
Don't let him take this.
[piano playing "We Wish You
a Merry Christmas"]
[laughter]
Sorry to call you in
on Christmas.
It's okay. I was in
the neighborhood caroling.
No sign of ESU or CSU?
They're already upstairs.
We're keeping this quiet.
Oh, yeah?
Keeping secrets doesn't seem
to be your strong suit.
My mother dropped by last night.
She was gonna find out
soon enough.
Better it came from one of us.
Are there any updates
in the Paul Lazar case
I need to know about?
I don't have any answers.
Neither does the FBI.
Their task force is moving
into the precinct.
-Oh, they'll want
to question me.
-They very much
do not want to question you.
The special agent in charge
is Colette...
[sighs]
Swanson?
We worked together in D.C.
She hates me.
Oh, yeah.
[laughs]
Said to keep you out of her way.
That all she said?
There were other words,
but why ruin your holidays?
Come on. I got something
that'll cheer you up.
[sighs]
Merry Christmas.
Happy Hanukkah?
Hallway's secure.
Hotel's keeping things
under wraps.
And I should be home eating
my wife's kringle right now.
It's a pastry.
Hey. Did you watch your sister's
interview last night?
U-Uh, my TV's
on the fritz, so...
[stammers]
Why are we keeping this
under wraps?
The victim is high-profile.
This one's close to home.
He's a cop.
Ian Turner, chief of detectives.
Room's under his name.
You knew him?
DANI:
He was a three-star.
Everybody did.
Turner worked his way up
the ranks. 42 years of service.
And he had a rep.
Squeaky clean.
JT:
So squeaky clean,
he fought it out
with a few dirtier cops
on his way up.
Some people got no patience
for doing things by the book.
BRIGHT:
Mm, this is no
"by the book" exit.
Who's the woman?
Emily Hayes, 26.
She had a misdemeanor
for prostitution.
We're thinking murder,
suicide.
Yeah.
I'm not seeing that.
No defensive wounds.
And why would Chief
Squeaky-Clean wear his badge
to meet with a sex worker?
I take it Turner had no history
of abuse or violence.
-Why now?
-DANI: Turner obviously
had a secret.
He was seeing a sex worker.
Maybe Emily threatened
to turn him in.
He shoots her, takes his
own life. Out of guilt.
Are you finished
with the murder weapon?
The suicide you're describing
is the result of deep shame.
Turner killed a woman
in cold blood
and violated everything
he ever stood for.
He would have looked at her,
there on the bed.
Adrenaline fading,
guilt building.
Must have felt this growing
weight on his chest.
Like a burden he couldn't lift.
This was his only escape.
Suicide.
But something's not quite right.
-Looks that way.
-He wouldn't have been
looking at the victim.
He would've turned away.
-Out of shame.
-Whoa.
-Hey.
-Bright! Put the gun down now.
It's not-- oh. Wait, it is.
Ooh. Sorry.
Do you have any idea
how stupid that was?
Turner didn't kill himself.
There was a third person.
Both victims were dressed,
so Emily had just arrived.
Perhaps Turner used
the dead bolt on the door
to hold it open
so Emily could get in.
The killer wouldn't need
a key to get in
-if he acted fast.
-[gasps]
He came in, hit Turner,
took his gun and shot Emily.
[Emily screams]
This wasn't a murder-suicide.
It was a double homicide.
Prove it.
♪
[horns honking]
BRIGHT:
The killer dispatched Emily
with one shot,
but took their time with Turner.
Posed him.
Turner was the target, Emily
was a casualty of circumstance.
JT:
Revenge is usually personal.
And Turner was in there
with a hooker, so...
jealous wife, girlfriend?
Uh, no. No family.
Work was his life.
Sounds like a lot of cops
I know.
Sounds like you.
BRIGHT:
I like JT's theory.
Our killer was angry enough
that he plowed through
an innocent woman
to get to his target.
Who hated Turner that much?
Every perp in Sing Sing.
Let's set up in here.
Good morning,
Lieutenant Arroyo.
Thank you for this
accommodation.
GIL:
Anything for the FBI,
though I'm not sure
I had a choice.
COLETTE:
Special Agent.
No, wait. That's not right.
What the hell do they
call you around here?
Hello, Colette.
"Bright" usually works.
Ah. Not for me.
My task force has taken over
the Paul Lazar case.
The Junkyard Killer,
I know. We've been looking
into his past.
Paul's motives are based
on a deep self-hatred.
He was likely raised
by a single mother who...
[chuckles] Wow. Less than 30
seconds to get to the bad mom.
-That must be a new record.
-I was just...
Blaming a woman
for a man's misdeeds?
Yeah, I caught that, too.
BRIGHT: I was simply
pointing out that serial killers
aren't just born,
they're also made.
And sometimes they're just born.
Why don't you leave
your mommy issues at home?
This case needs
a new perspective.
I need bodies,
so who can you spare?
I can't really spare anyone.
My team's working a homicide.
It's Powell, right?
Dani.
Uh, how do you two
know each other?
Colette's a profiler.
We worked together in D.C.
Barely.
I read your file.
I was really impressed.
I need someone to walk me
through what you have.
Is that something
you think you can do?
[laughs softly]
Your commissioner promised me
-the resources I need.
-Colette.
Paul Lazar called me.
I have a personal connection...
With a serial killer, yes.
That's the best reason yet
not to use you.
GIL:
Take Dani.
For 24 hours.
You're with me.
Merry Christmas.
Turner's files.
Go through his cases.
Someone in there
wanted to kill him.
[phone vibrating]
[sighs]
BRIGHT:
This is Bright.
-Leave a message.
-Thanks. Just a friendly
reminder that I need your ass
at Mom's tonight.
Since the interview,
Mom is being very Mom right now.
[sighs]
-[door closes]
-SHANNON: Hey, Malcolm.
Remember me?
Detective Shannon.
Yeah, we just wanted
to review your statement,
the night that your father
was arrested.
I already told you
everything I know.
Yeah, but, um...
here's the thing.
The cop on the scene said that
he heard you and your dad
share some parting words.
"We're the same."
Why do you think he said that?
That's what I can't figure out.
[horn honking in distance]
I don't like this, Bright.
Owen Shannon was a bad cop.
I don't need to
remind you of that.
Shannon was the last partner
Ian Turner had
before he was promoted to chief.
It's a lead.
You sure you're okay seeing him?
It was a long time ago.
I'm not scared anymore.
And he probably won't
recognize me.
Well, look who it is.
Gil Arroyo.
What you want, Lucky Boy?
Don't call me that.
I heard you're Major Crimes.
Congratulations.
Is this how you greet
all your guests?
There's someone out there
killing cops,
and I'm sure as hell
not gonna be the next.
How'd you know Turner's dead?
My partner dies,
I'm gonna hear about it.
Now, show some respect,
Lucky Boy.
[door closes]
I worked The Surgeon case
for years.
And one phone call
from some dumb kid,
and-and Lucky Boy...
gets the biggest collar
of the century.
Still can't let it go, can you?
There was more to that story.
I knew it.
Nobody... nobody listened to me.
Good to see some things
never change.
But we're here about
your old partner.
After The Surgeon case,
you got reassigned to Turner.
SHANNON:
And I hope
he rots in hell.
He ruined me.
Looks like you did
all that to yourself.
-You're a drunk, Shannon.
-Really?
Well, everybody needs a hobby.
Turner made the right call.
You were a bad cop,
and he knew it,
so he tipped off Internal
Affairs and had you fired.
Bright...
You have a long-held grudge
against our victim.
You're erratic and angry
and six beers in at 11:00 a.m.
-Bah, humbug.
-You're also in possession
of a likely unregistered handgun
that you jammed
in our faces when we so much as
knocked on your door.
You're our prime suspect.
If I wanted Turner dead,
I would have killed him
years ago.
You did it last night.
You killed Ian Turner
for getting you fired.
And you hated him so much
that you murdered
an innocent woman, too.
What woman?
Turner was found
with a sex worker.
A hooker?
What, a-a female hooker?
Chief Ian Turner...
was gay.
This is cozy.
Special Agent Swanson does like
to mark her territory.
I called a few old-timers;
they confirmed that
Turner was gay.
I guess it was an open secret.
-If Turner didn't hire Emily...
-BRIGHT: Then the killer did.
They were trying
to frame Turner.
The victim's a choirboy.
This was a character
assassination.
The killer was trying
to smear Turner.
A dead cop can't defend himself.
Emily's our best lead.
Emily Hayes. She was
a nursing student at NYU.
Employed by Caged Bird,
presenting as
a matchmaking company.
Perfectly legal on the surface.
Let me guess, the only
paying customers are men.
Bingo. It's owned and operated
by Macy Barnes, a known madam.
I'm tracking her.
GIL:
Good work. Bright,
keep combing through
Turner's files.
Still might find something.
COLETTE:
Do you trust Malcolm Bright,
Detective Powell?
He has some weird habits,
he's unconventional,
but yes, I trust him.
Hmm.
-Why?
-Because I don't.
I don't think Malcolm has
divulged the full extent
of his relationship
with our Junkyard Killer.
[laughs softly]
You don't need my help.
You just want eyes on Bright.
He would never let
his personal interests
get in the way of a case.
-And can you say the same?
-Can you?
Because I'm sensing that
you came here to bury Bright.
We're all on the same side,
right?
COLETTE:
This is footage of the incident
inside the transit tunnel.
An old CCTV camera.
Bright wrote in his report that
there were no words exchanged
between him and Paul Lazar.
But they were together
for two minutes and 28 seconds.
Now, there's no audio,
but it sure as hell looks like
they're talking to me.
There's, um...
there's got to be
an explanation.
You're loyal, Detective.
But don't let that blind you.
Bright wasn't kicked out
of the FBI for one incident.
It was a pattern of being
unconventional.
Malcolm Bright is destructive.
Don't let a man like that
ruin your career.
-Jessica.
-[door closes]
Malcolm just stepped out.
He should be right back.
I'm not here for him.
I know what to do.
If we can find the girl
in the box's body,
we can put Martin Whitly away
for good.
No visitations, no
consultations, no interviews.
So, have you found her?
Do you have any updates?
You're starting to sound
just like Bright.
Well, I'm just as invested.
The FBI's doing
everything it can.
[sighs]
The only evidence we have is...
the word of a serial killer,
fragments of Malcolm's memory.
It just isn't enough.
Martin chloroformed my son.
And now I can't
walk past a television
without seeing his face.
Let's get out of here.
I've got a bottle
of bourbon in my desk drawer.
How could a girl refuse?
[giggles]
Oh, please, Gil.
I have to fix this.
You're always worrying
about everyone else.
Let someone worry
about you for a change.
Wait.
You're not going to help me.
This case has consumed Bright.
I want to help by making sure
it doesn't do the same to you.
You don't get to make
that decision.
-[door opens]
-COLETTE: Lieutenant,
can I borrow you
for a minute?
-I'm, uh...
-[Jessica sighs]
-I'll be right back.
-Mm.
♪
-[gasps]
-GIL: The girl in the box
was real.
Paul Lazar gave us her bracelet.
SHANNON:
You're just like your father.
LAZAR:
It's in your blood.
-There's hope for you yet.
-[grunts]
[crying out]
Bright, Bright, wake up!
[door opens]
Hey.
[exhales]
You good?
I screwed things up
with the girl I'm seeing.
She won't answer my calls.
I think I scared her off.
Eve, right? Yeah.
JT told me about her.
Said she's great.
Whatever the problem is,
I'm sure you can fix it.
The problem is me.
[chuckles]:
And I can't be fixed, so...
I don't think that's true.
How's your case?
[sighs]
Confusing. Yours?
JT's running down a lead
on Emily's escort agency.
And I'm buried in files.
Hmm. Merry Christmas to us.
Ah.
Oh...
And I'm late for our family
Christmas dinner.
Got to go.
-[reporters clamoring]
-Ainsley Whitly, have you
visited your father
since the interview?
Is Martin Whitly
assisting the NYPD
in their hunt for
The Junkyard Killer?
Any breaking news
about my family
is mine to report, thank you.
-Ms. Whitly...
-Ainsley, what about your...
-[clamoring continues faintly]
-[soft piano music playing]
[door closes]
Hello?
Ah.
You brought a twist-off.
[sarcastic chuckle]
Merry Christmas to you, too.
-Did you watch it?
-[sighs]
No comment.
Can't you at least try
and be happy for me?
I'm overjoyed, dear.
My home is surrounded
by paparazzi
and so-called journalists, your
father has finally succeeded
in making me a prisoner
in my own home,
and he had the assist from his
overly ambitious offspring.
Ambition is not a dirty word.
It's the best thing about me.
That and my hair.
Your father destroyed us.
Your brother and me.
You put him on television
and let him talk about it.
You have gone
and soaked yourself in blood.
The press devoured us
20 years ago,
and now they are at it again.
You're playing the victim.
I am not a victim,
but there are victims,
real ones.
How do you think
those 23 families feel
when they see you on television?
And why is the story
never about them?
I'm not going to apologize
for what I did.
I used the media
to direct the narrative.
What does that even mean?
I'm telling my story,
not letting somebody else do it.
I'm leaving.
Ugh.
Twist-offs are cool now.
[door opens]
Hey.
Malcolm Whitly.
I always knew that
you were a liar.
And I didn't recognize you
till I saw your hand.
You can change your name,
but you can't change
who you are.
Tell me the truth.
Tell me what you did.
Are you Daddy's little helper?
You know more
than you are saying.
Tell me how he did it.
Tell me!
I'm not my father.
Are you trying to convince me
or trying to convince yourself?
'Cause if you're trying to
convince me, save your breath!
'Cause I was right.
There was someone else.
I know why you're angry.
You dedicated your life
to The Surgeon's case.
You were right.
I did know something.
My father took me
on a camping trip
with The Junkyard Killer.
All I have are-are
fragments of a memory.
Only The Surgeon and Paul Lazar
know what happened,
but my father is in solitary,
and when I tried to find Paul,
the FBI kicked me off the case
for being too...
Obsessed?
Unhinged?
Making it personal?
-Yes.
-I kind of know the feeling.
Where are you
in the Turner case?
We think the killer
has something to do
with one of his old cases,
but we haven't found
anything yet.
Turner had a-a place
where he kept everything
that he didn't want to release
to the official case files.
I can take you there.
Come on.
GIL:
You're a hard woman
to track down,
Ms. Barnes, which is odd,
since Caged Bird,
your matchmaking company,
is perfectly legal.
-Perfectly.
-But it's not.
That's why Detective Turner
tried to shut you down.
-You're behind this, Macy.
-I don't have to say anything.
No, you don't...
but you do have to
look at these.
Come on, Macy.
You had to protect
your business from Turner.
That's why you killed them.
-What? I didn't kill them.
-JT: I don't buy it.
It was your girl in the room.
You sent her in.
Yes, I sent her.
But not to kill him.
The only way to get Turner
off my back was to dirty him up.
I was desperate. Emily needed
the money to finish school,
so she told Turner
she'd be his informant.
She was supposed to
go to the room,
seduce him and take photos,
but she never came back.
I was certain Turner killed her.
God knows I didn't.
Wait, if it wasn't him,
who did this?
[car door closes]
[car door opens]
What is this place?
Turner was a private guy.
He liked the quiet out here.
You've been here before?
Not in 15 years.
We were partners.
We used to come and work
out here sometimes.
♪
This isn't about Caged Bird.
Turner was investigating
The Junkyard Killer.
Why was Turner looking
into The Junkyard Killer?
He never even worked
on The Surgeon case.
Yeah, but I did.
These are all my files
from 20 years ago.
I always thought there was more,
that Martin must've had
a cleanup man,
but my higher-ups
closed the case.
They called it a day.
-You kept digging.
-Uh, hell yeah, I kept digging.
I was blackballed
for my trouble.
By the time Turner showed up,
I was pretty well spent.
You know, he-he put up
with me until...
...until he couldn't.
And he gave up on me
like-like everyone else did.
I don't think he did.
Look around.
Turner did all this for you.
When the news about
The Junkyard Killer came out,
he must've dug up
all your old case files.
He was trying
to clear your name.
Damn it.
Damn him for being a good guy.
For being my guy.
You and Turner
were in a relationship.
I spent ten years
of my life hating him
for ruining my career,
when all he was trying to do
was save me from myself.
And now he's dead.
And I just...
I want him to know that I...
I just want him to know
that... that...
He knew.
All this,
all this was because
he believed in you, Shannon.
What?
Turner was running down
my suspects.
You had suspects?
Everyone I thought
that might be helping Martin.
If there was a stone,
we turned it over. Now don't get
too excited,
each one was a dead end.
Not if we compare them
to my list.
The Surgeon met The Junkyard
Killer at St. Edward's Hospital.
We narrowed it down
to a possible 50 names.
So if a name is on both lists...
No, no, no, no, no.
We don't get to be so lucky.
It's not luck
if it took 20 years.
-SHANNON: Wade?
-BRIGHT: No.
-Waits.
-No.
-Walker.
-Nope.
Watkins.
Uh, John Watkins.
Holy hell,
I remember John Watkins.
He was a really strange guy.
He used to work swing shifts
at the hospital.
I have an address.
It's 20 years old, but still.
[both chuckle]
[car doors closing]
Smile, kid.
This is the fun part.
Don't worry.
You were right before,
-it's not registered.
-Oh, well, in that case.
[phone vibrating]
Gil. Hey. I got a lead.
So do I.
Macy didn't do it.
So the frame job and the murder
were two separate crimes.
Turner was investigating
The Junkyard Killer,
-so maybe...
-W-W-Wait, what?
Maybe he found out
Turner was on his case,
a little too close
to the truth,
so he follows him to the hotel,
didn't expect him to be there
with a sex worker,
but who cares,
he's there to kill a cop;
he'll happily
throw in Emily, too.
Wait, are you saying
that our murderer
is The Junkyard Killer?
We were working the case
this entire time.
I may be blind,
but I'm not deaf.
-What do you want?
-I got to go.
Uh, no, Bright, are you...
-[dial tone]
-Damn it.
Unless you plan on singing,
get off my front step.
Uh, Merry Christmas.
We're looking for John Watkins.
Do you know if he
used to live here?
My sweet John.
Of course he did.
How do you know my grandson?
We're old friends.
♪ Said the night wind
to the little lamb♪
♪ Do you see what I see?♪
Why are you smiling?
This is John's childhood home.
That's, like, the Holy Grail
for profilers.
Serial killers aren't just born,
they're made.
And John was made...
right here.
Religion played a prominent role
in his development.
It impacts the way he kills.
His messianic mission.
[whispers]:
There are clues everywhere.
MATILDA:
I thought I told you
to sit.
♪ Do you hear what I hear?♪
Just remember to peel back
the plastic.
Sometimes I forget.
Thank you for the meal,
Mrs. Watkins.
We were wondering, uh...
-...if you'd seen John recently.
-Oh.
It's Matilda, please.
Now, how did you know
my Johnnie again?
SHANNON:
We worked with him
at St. Edward's.
He always said
he made good friends there.
Ah, everyone loves John.
I raised him to be a good boy.
Were John's parents around
when he was a kid?
No father that I knew.
Least of his worries, though,
with that mother.
She was a sinner.
Filthy whore till she died.
Chose heroin over her own child.
You want his real mother,
you see me.
That must have been hard.
God doesn't put us here
to do easy things, son.
Just right ones.
Would you like something else?
No. I'm... It's fine.
Guests in this house deserve
better than fine.
Sit tight.
MATILDA [softly]:
♪ There is a fountain...♪
[quietly]:
So he lost his parents young.
I mean, that's rough.
But Grandma, she's not bad.
Could learn to cook, maybe.
It's all here. In Matilda.
John targets people
on the fringe
because of what she made him
believe as a child.
That his mother was a sinner,
that addicts are evil.
[footsteps approaching]
Oh.
-Oh...
-MATILDA: There we go.
-Uh...
That rust is a food group.
Uh, Matilda,
do you have any photos of John?
We'd love to see him as a kid.
I do.
BRIGHT:
Uh, who's Benjamin?
MATILDA:
Oh, my husband.
He was a good father to Johnnie.
Pushed him to be his best.
But my poor Johnnie
had to watch him die.
Benjamin was working
on his car in the garage.
Like a bolt of lightning
straight from God,
the car fell
and crushed his head.
Horrible accident.
[paper shuffling]
And this is his first communion.
And his first day
of junior high.
So handsome.
Family is everything.
-[reporters clamoring]
-Mrs. Whitly!
We have more questions!
-[clamoring continues faintly]
-[sighs]
JESSICA:
If we can find the girl
in the box's body,
we can put Martin Whitly
away for good.
AINSLEY: I used the media
to direct the narrative.
JESSICA:
What does that even mean?
MARTIN:
You're right.
We have been happy.
You'll be back.
"Direct the narrative."
[sighs]
SHANNON:
No use.
They're all the same.
I think that John
was here recently.
He knew if Turner was onto him,
that people would come looking.
So he made sure we wouldn't be
able to I.D. him when you did.
See if you can find out
when he was last here.
I'm gonna take a look around.
Matilda,
can I use your bathroom?
"May" I use your bathroom.
Poor grammar is just
a short walk
to delinquency.
And you may.
First door at the top
of the stairs.
Delicious.
Thank you. Thank you.
♪
[door creaks]
[creaks]
[crying]:
Please...
[sobbing]
Colette.
[clears throat]
Colette? The Junkyard Killer
murdered Turner and Emily.
-Bright has a lead on him.
-What?
Your boy's been working my case
this entire time
even though I explicitly
told him not to?
Where is he?
Where is Bright right now?
GIL:
We...
don't know.
[phone vibrating]
MATILDA:
No phones at the table, Mr. Man.
Now, John, he was a quiet boy.
Very observant. Watchful.
He spent hours in the garage
with Benjamin.
He was interested in the way
things worked.
-John's here.
-MATILDA: Johnnie is home?
Just in time for pie!
No, no.
John, my dear. You forgot one.
You knew. You called him.
Where is he? Where is John?
My Johnnie takes out the trash!
[gate closes outside]
John! He's in here!
He's gonna get you.
[door opens]
-♪ Silent night♪
-[reporters clamoring]
♪ Holy night♪
♪ All is calm...♪
As you know,
my ex-husband Martin Whitly
is a convicted serial murderer.
He's in a psychiatric hospital
for killing 23 people.
But I believe there were more.
-Mrs. Whitly!
-[reporters clamoring]
This bracelet,
which is in evidence
and under FBI jurisdiction,
holds the key to the identity
of The Surgeon's 24th victim.
[phone chimes]
Instead of turning your eyes
on my family this Christmas...
-You've got to be kidding.
-...use this clue
to help me uncover the identity
of this woman.
John?
I know you're here.
JESSICA:
I hereby offer a reward
in the amount of $1 million
for information
that leads to the truth
about the owner of this bracelet
which is engraved
with the initials AMS.
[soft clattering]
[grunts]
-[siren wailing]
-Bright still isn't picking up.
-JESSICA: It is my hope...
-I have a bad feeling
about this.
...that together,
we can see that justice,
real justice,
is finally served.
[clamoring resumes]
♪
We have to stop
meeting like this.
Remember me?
[quietly]:
They'll find you.
They'll never find us
where we're going.
JOHN:
Your dad buy you that?
Yeah.
Everybody needs a good knife.
Y-You never know
when it'll come in handy.
-My dad says that, too.
-Smart guy.
Can I see it?
Yeah.
[knife clicks]
What's in the trunk?
I'll tell you.
But you got to promise
to keep a secret.
Your brother doesn't know
what fun he's missing.
Hmm.
Lucky him.
[sighs]
MAN:
Greg, move your head.